SOURBEAT
BONFIRE
GO FOR IT BOM BOM BOM
OH IT TASTES SO FINE
I BROUGHT SOMETHING DELICIOUS
LOLLIPOP LOLLIPOP
DROPPING ROBOCOP FLOW
MY SAVAGE SIDE IS ON THE LOOSE
BUBBLE GUM
OH MY BUBBLE GUM TASTES SO FINE
THE WHOLE WORLD WANTS MY BUBBLE GUM
BECAUSE I HAVE TALENT WITH MY BUBBLE GUM
BUBBLE GUM
OH MY BUBBLE GUM TASTES SO FINE
THE WHOLE WORLD WANTS MY BUBBLE GUM
BECAUSE I HAVE TALENT WITH MY BUBBLE GUM
BUBBLE GUM
I'VE GOT THEM RUNNING LIKE FORREST GUMP
I AM THE CURRENT, I AM THE PRESSURE
NOW EVERYONE WANTS TO GET WITH LELE PONS
DANCING, THE HOURS GO BY
TIME DOES NOT FORGIVE
OUR MOMENT IS NOW
THE MOMENT IS NOW
DANCING, THE HOURS GO BY
TIME DOES NOT FORGIVE
OUR MOMENT IS NOW
THE MOMENT IS NOW
MOVE IT THIS WAY
COME OVER, BECAUSE IT'S GOING DOWN
DON'T COMPARE ME, WE ARE NOT THE SAME
PLAY ME SOME REGGAETÓN, BECAUSE I'M GOING TO THE PARTY
TELL 'EM YANDEL, LOUDER, DON'T BRING IT DOWN
YOURS IS SO CHEWABLE THAT
BUBBLE GUM
I WANT A PIECE OF YOUR
SO MUCH TALENT WITH THAT
BUBBLE GUM
AROMATIC AND JUCIY THAT
IF THEY DANCE TO IT
SHE DANCES TO IT
HE DANCES TO IT
HOW SHE DANCES TO IT
THEY MOVE TO IT LIKE THAT
MOVE TO IT
BUBBLE GUM
OH MY BUBBLE GUM TASTES SO FINE
THE WHOLE WORLD WANTS MY BUBBLE GUM
BECAUSE I HAVE TALENT WITH MY BUBBLE GUM
BUBBLE GUM
OH MY BUBBLE GUM TASTES SO FINE
THE WHOLE WORLD WANTS MY BUBBLE GUM
BECAUSE I HAVE TALENT WITH MY BUBBLE GUM